what's up everyone jon from AR TV it's
time to talk about the debut album VHS
by x ambassador's an alternative pop
group and i'm surprised of how many
requests i got for this one i went into
this with mediocre expectations I
enjoyed the single renegades I mean it
doesn't exactly jump out out of the
lineup of songs but I think we all could
hear a few more songs like that on top
40 radio the more I looked into this
band the more I started wondering are
they trying to make imagine dragons 2.0
they've got Alex the kid producing
they've been imagine dragons featured on
a song and they've got a very similar
vibe in terms of some of their
instrumentals the production is
absolutely gnarly here on this thing and
I'm not saying that in a good way I'm
saying that isn't it gets kind of
knotted up in a sense you don't even
know what you're listening to
let's go ahead and talk about the track
fear featuring imagine dragons first
just to give you an idea on how
confusing and help rough this album can
be in spots fear is one of the most
off-putting songs that I have ever heard
and I am not exaggerating the song is
terrible and it has this almost
tribal leaning beat if you can even call
it a beat because it turns so
inconsistently the vocals and
instrumentals sound like a saul trying
to like go through metal this like
really thick metal it's just like oh my
god what am i listening to it doesn't
mesh together at all to form anything
cohesive he's loud and springy
synthesizers start popping up and then
Dan from imagine dragons voice like
comes in out of left field and while
it's not that different complete sanger
of ex ambassador's doesn't sound good on
this track at all now I have been a fan
of some imagine dragons material if you
saw my review of smoke and mirrors
you knew I was kind of divided not only
on that album but really on night
visions as well the main thing that I
find off-putting and annoying about this
band ex ambassador's is that they're
trying to score songs that sound like
imagine dragons and that mainly could be
blamed on the producer Alex de kid so
far the strikes that it has against it
pretty much forgettable material the
majority of the time now
something that really helps them stand
out and then of course well trying to
sound like another band and then strike
three what would that be for VHS it's
the fact that they have seven
interludes on this album who the hell
thought that would be a good idea who
approved this a twenty song album and 13
of those songs are only actually songs
seven songs talking about these
scenarios that happened back in the day
nothing interesting going on whatsoever
and I just find myself hitting skip
every single time because it's not
something that you need for the album I
understand the fact that this is about
VHS that's like the concept for the
record we're reliving these old memories
and we're going down memory lane I
suppose on some of these tracks and just
recalling the freedom of youth if you
will but don't throw it in my
face every three songs VHS we did it we
hear these loud we hate VCR sound
effects that just pop up and they just
seem so out of nowhere sometimes you'll
fade out of a track like jungle and then
from boom there's some vcr sound effects
right there in your face and stuff
obnoxious chatter a good chunk of these
tracks are just downright bad i already
mentioned the track fear and then of
course we've got the track feather as
well the track feather is repetitive as
with these 808 drums just rolling
and these noisy background vocals flying
around like it's nobody's business one
second guys getting a call it's the deep
distorted vocals from 2009 and they
really wish that you hadn't included
them on this track or the album in
general tracks like unsteady and nervous
are considered enough to think that
they're leading the pack doing something
revolutionary when in reality they're
just a diamond doesn't as stodgy and as
tame as something that you'd hear on
top-40 radio even the songs that I think
are pretty good like the hum worthy of
renegades don't really make me care
about the band or the vocalists sure
it's decent enough it's pretty
entertaining it's got a bright
optimistic feel about it but it could
have been done by Phillip Phillips
Mumford & Sons or really anyone and I
probably would have cared about it just
as much what I'm getting at is that they
don't have anything that really
trademarks them as a band they take
elements from all these other groups but
I'm not hearing anything that makes X
ambassador's special like I said I dig
matrac renegades for what it is it's not
the freshest prove it
but hey someone's got to take it home
and eat it I am one of those people for
the record so let's talk about a few
moments that actually did sound pretty
decent and helped this band give
themselves their own identity I really
enjoy the blend of sounds that Lovelace
provides and incorporates for the
listener I think the gospel vocals and
just really the fact that it had a
striking chorus on it is what helped set
it apart from some of the other songs
that just felt totally flat in my book
on the rest of this record it's one of
those tracks that need it back it needed
that to really help it kind of gallop
along it has a very spirited vibe about
it the horns and synthesizers were a
nice touch on this track as well so I
can't complain too much about this one
gorgeous is another one of those tracks
that kind of kept me entertained all
throughout and one that had me thinking
okay this is catchy this is pretty
light-hearted and fun actually has a
pretty decent lyrical message with it as
well if I saw more of this from Ex
ambassador's maybe I'd be a little bit
more invested in their album I guess I
could give an e for effort to make it
which really isn't that much whenever
you throw it under the microscope but
hey at least it made a decent attempt at
making a catchy song it's not very
flattering lyrically assuming they
wanted to use the line I want to be
naked with you meaning to like I want to
be open I want to be honest with you but
kind of cringing a little bit but that
sax though the album is all over the
place really can't decide on a course
veering off the road hitting a tree and
somehow swerving back onto the road and
then right back off again half of these
instrumentals are lukewarm at best with
ex ambassador's dabbling in hip hop
style production kind of no easy at
times sprinkling in just enough of the
guitar and the synthesizer so that they
can market these guys as an alternative
pop band that likes to experiment well
the results of the experiment are in X
ambassadors debut record VHS is an over
thought and over produced a mess that
tries to please way too many crowds to
even remotely entertain one the debut
album from this alternative pop group
gets a 2 if you heard the debut album by
x ambassador's VHS let me know your
thoughts on it in the comment section
down below keep in mind this was all
just in my opinion let me know about
yours tastefully and respectfully in the
comment
section don't forget to smash the like
button while you're down there just show
support for the channel let me know you
enjoyed the video and of course
subscribe to the channel because friends
don't let friends go and subscribe
that's a tip from me to you
thanks for watching subscribing to the
channel if there's other albums you want
to see me tackle let me know about those
in the comments as well and other than
that I'll see you very soon right here
on a our TV